In this video you're going to learn how you can promote your app through Facebook ads.
Start by looking at the different objectives that you could have up in stalls and engagement and some
of the details around that that we're going to look at a couple of companies who have had some amazing
success using Facebook app ads.
You can see some huge installs here and also some great results in terms of engagements and we'll look
at exactly what they did in order to achieve those results.
Then we'll move on and look at some of the set up process including registering your app and installing
the Facebook SDK giving an overview of the process for those two steps.
And then finally we will look once again in the ads create tool on practically Highwood run one of these
campaigns.
So let's start in the Facebook Ads guide here and looking at the two different objectives that you would
have with our marketing.
The first objective that you probably have if you're a brand new app is to drive up installs and you
can see that you can place these ads on the Facebook mobile app you can even do on the Facebook desk
top up Instagram mobile app and you can put it on Instagram using carrousel ads as well.
The format of the odds are probably going to be pretty simple and the objective in the call to action
button is really just going to be install now.
Now that looks pretty normal to what we've seen before.
What is slightly different is what happens once people click here.
They will be brought to either.
They will be brought to the Apple Store or the Google Play store depending on their device so that they
can download the app directly.
Now the rest of these recommendations you can have a look at them in more detail the reseller.
But here is one interesting thing to note that your star rating from the Apple Store or Google Play
Store will automatically show on your iPod.
And so that is great social proof that you can pull through from those app stores to show on your AD.
So your first objective is going to be to get people to install your ad and if you're running a campaign
this is probably the first step next step then is to drive more engagement and get more activity on
your mobile app.
It's not enough just to get people to install it.
You might need to drive more engagement once they have downloaded it and really a top tip in order to
achieve this is to create a custom audience of people who use your mobile app and then reach them with
it.
I'm not encouraging them to take specific actions now in order for you to create this custom audience.
You will need to have the Facebook SDK set up and that is the equivalent of really the Facebook pixel
for a web site you want to set it up for those same reasons.
So now you understand that you have two objectives apps installs an app engagement.
Let us have a look at some of these case studies to see how businesses are piecing this together and
getting some amazing results.
So what we have here is a brand new take out ordering app and you can see that through Facebook ads
they were able to get 15 times an app installs over four months on over 70000 app interactions so they
are installs Plus the interactions.
Now the name of the app is 10 bese at Israel's largest take ordering app on in your country you probably
seen an equivalent to this really linking a lot of restaurants together and enabling people to order
food through one single up.
Now if we look down here their solution and how they achieve their goals is pretty interesting what
they really did was start by using interest and demographic toward targeting with mobile iPods.
And they wanted to reach groups who were most likely to download and use their op such as those with
known interest in food and restaurants single people and younger age groups so that is some smart targeting
through interest in demographics there you can see that people who already are interested in food restaurants
are probably going to be interested in their op.
Single people who maybe don't want a coke and prefer just order.
We're younger people who may be more likely to get takeaways more often rather than going out and buying
a lot of food etc. so seems interesting targeting there just to know.
And then once they had driven some op installs using the interest and demographic targeting they really
went on to Step two here which was to drive more app engagement and had another campaign where these
custom audiences as we've said to target ads to target people who have already downloaded the app and
these ads encourage them placeholders using the app called to action button and they did encourage that
activity by offering special promotions for restaurants in their local area during this campaign.
So two quite very strategic ways that they first build installs and next drove those engagement by offering
special coupons.
So that was the 10 best Let's have a look at another case study here which is play space.
This is quite an interesting one because they were really focused on driving up engagement for Brazilian
women gamers for one game and that they had an interesting enough this is a Spanish company a game studio
and they were very focused on driving this growth overseas.
So you can see some of the results here too x increase in monthly users 3x increase in revenue 50 percent
increase in paying players 10x greater efficiency reach efficiency than TVs.
You can see a lot of these results here are more focused on the app engagement rather than up installs
coming down we can see that once again they targeted specific demographics women of a certain age rather
than interests and really did it to promote this local bingo game.
Then they use the custom audiences once again you can start to see a pattern here.
This is really key custom lines of existing players encourage them to come back.
Here's the interesting part that they showed these people tailor a video tailored to the Brazilian market
solvency in Brazil and Portuguese showcasing new game features through a series of carrousel and up
and stall ads.
So that's an interesting tactic that they used to really show new features to encourage people to come
back and download the app.
Now that you've seen some of those case studies and understand practically what are some of the strategies
that you can use.
Let's look at some of the steps in the setup process.
So if you want to start using app installed or up an engagement it's the first step is to register and
configure an app I'm not going to go through all these steps.
I don't have an opt myself but the key thing is that you need to do are to set up a developer account.
You also need to create your new app in there.
The outcome of that process is really to create an app ID.
Once you've got that app ID you can install it into your otic can't and then you're pretty much ready
to go.
However you probably do want to set up that Facebook SDK so that you can do things like measure installs
without the Facebook SDK won't be able to do that and you won't be able to set up those custom audiences
for improved targeting and measure up conversions et cetera.
So those two steps are absolutely critical.
Now looking finally at the ads create tool.
How do you set these up.
You can come in and select your campaign objective objectives up installs.
Then once in here you need to add in your app.
Now I have to set one up as an example here so that's the first thing that you need to do if you haven't
registered your app that won't appear.
Then you go through the rest of the onset set up as normal.
Your audience your placements here your budget and schedule is set for setting up the format is pretty
much as normally you can choose a video image etc. on the rest of the set up process is pretty much
the same.
The key thing that I wanted to show you is that you can't move further in the campaign unless you've
got the apps set up.
And that's why you need to first register your app so nave a good understanding of app marketing on
Facebook I'll put a link to these two resources in the resources sector of this lecture.
So if you are going to market drop you can just follow these steps to get set up.